[Music]
Pantin is only possible for three hours
around low tide when the mud banks are
exposed razor-sharp oysters cover much
of the shore beaching here can be lethal
[Music]
the hunters need to find a stretch of
shoreline with just the right slope
to level and the Dolphins risk stranding
to steep and they can't force a prey
from the water
[Music]
working as a team the Dolphins surround
the fish driving them towards the shore
[Music]
attacking in perfect synchrony the
Dolphins create a bowel wave
[Music]
encourage their prey on to the muddy
banks
[Music]
other fish-eaters profit from their
daring herons and gulls follow every
hunt
[Applause]
to get to the fish first the Dolphins
drive themselves high up the bank but if
they go too far big risk stranding
[Music]
to prevent fish escaping between them
the dolphins all beats themselves on the
same side always the right but this has
a cost each time they grab a fish they
also take in a mouthful of mud the which
gradually wears down their teeth
but on one side only
in time these teeth get so worn down
that older dolphins can no longer hunt
practice and must find other ways to
catch fish